the British Council creative education
program supported by Prudential promotes
creative learning opportunities through
arts education and English we have
selected a variety of contemporary
artworks from the Prudential I program
and British Council collection with our
extensive experience in creative
education waiting to support both
teachers and students as they develop
key learning skills British councils
focuses to complement the Ministry of
Education focus around 21st century
competencies and primarily those being
critical thought and critical thinking
our program is quite thorough in terms
of creating a wide range of activities
integrating language using art as the
catalyst listening speaking reading and
writing all of those language skills are
embedded in all the activities that
we've created in our creative education
project of course we're also bombarded
with visual image in terms of our
culture and so we have to equip our
students with the skills to move into
those higher order thinking skills where
they can not only look and see but once
they have an opinion about something
being able to substantiate that opinion
through critical analysis through
evaluating and bringing judgment to
something with criteria beside it there
are many things to do but the main thing
that won the most was visually to see I
felt like I learned about how to go back
to your background and get information
from there to connect to the picture the
painting that I enjoyed the most was the
first one that we saw the topic was
about loss and how
- tell us about how laws is kind of many
things it's not only about this kind of
feeling is also about that perspective
in every other aspect of it
I learned that art it's a lot more than
just the image there's a lot of deep
knees behind it and in me saying
different for everyone
I think the discussion about what
actually meant and what the artist
intended versus what we sort of thought
of it and that's pretty nice I realized
most of the artworks are all based on
perception I used to think about not
understanding contemporary art as there
was something like we learned in school
up in arts history that anything can be
asked coming here I think we all learned
to understand the difference of
perception and it's how you look at it
and the way you look at it like the
process of evaluating a painting or a
piece